i'm going to show you how to put music
not pinterest music on your iPhone 360
you see my already on I'm going to take
every day for the scene from scratch all
right tell you everything up and
everything
alright see you sent off so they let go
all right quick get my mp3 player all
right there's time to a showstopper
quick I want this deal later all rights
under cap still got the Cavs back up for
the last video all right here's how you
go over to me media and you go down to
UM what's everyone can or you get onto
with today up music all right now says
console that computer now portable
device a hood off let me get this
situated forgive this right USB
right there try to get that in the
lights on that means connect it
yes if you put a wood device comes up
and you see
see you can play all the music on there
and now on the unplug that this is the
other way take away of course by USB
floppy drive split of music which you
want to need like a bigger floppy this
right here inside here's a 5mb so it's
really matter all right now well house
off puts in your a quick
cut up hard
yes Lee doesn't want to go in f it i
read okay I'm out on it but on a second
oh no wonder how to plug in backwards so
go right in now there are this the green
light comes on that means now you see
portable device there's just the gay
phones of it
we know baby I let you fucking boy this
is the Carter file real talk real talk
what up my nigga ride it and i'll let
you fucking for ya